Initial commit, description and example of setAttribute() (#6280)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dom-manipulation/terms/setattribute/setattribute.md

---
Title: 'setAttribute()' 
Description: 'Sets the attribute of a specified element.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'An nth subject name'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Attributes'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.setAttribute()`** method of the Element interface sets the value of an attribute on the specified element. If the attribute already exists, the value is updated; otherwise a new attribute is added with the specified name and value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.setAttribute()`** method of the Element interface sets or updates an attribute on the specified element. If the attribute exists, its value is updated; otherwise, a new attribute is added with the given name and value.
```

Reviewer: reworded since it is directly plagiarised from - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/setAttribute

## Syntax

```pseudo
setAttribute(name, value);
```

> 

Reviewer: Please define the parameters here in the format:

- `name`:
- `value`:

Author: I've updated this and pushed it from my local clone to my remote github repo. 
I can't see how to incorporate it into a pull request without generating a new one - apologies! Could you please advise? 
Thanks
